now when the adversaries of Judah and
now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the descendants of
Benjamin heard that the descendants of
Benjamin heard that the descendants of the captivity were building the temple
the captivity were building the temple
the captivity were building the temple of the Lord God of Israel they came to
of the Lord God of Israel they came to
of the Lord God of Israel they came to zerubabbel and the heads of the father's
zerubabbel and the heads of the father's
zerubabbel and the heads of the father's houses and said to them let us build
houses and said to them let us build
houses and said to them let us build with you for we seek your God as you do
with you for we seek your God as you do
with you for we seek your God as you do and we have sacrificed to him since the
and we have sacrificed to him since the
and we have sacrificed to him since the days of easer hadn't king of Assyria who
days of easer hadn't king of Assyria who
days of easer hadn't king of Assyria who brought us here but zerubabbel and
brought us here but zerubabbel and
brought us here but zerubabbel and Joshua and the rest of the heads of the
Joshua and the rest of the heads of the
Joshua and the rest of the heads of the father's houses of Israel said to them
father's houses of Israel said to them
father's houses of Israel said to them you made you nothing with us to build
you made you nothing with us to build
you made you nothing with us to build the house for our God but we alone will
the house for our God but we alone will
the house for our God but we alone will build to the Lord God of Israel as King
build to the Lord God of Israel as King
build to the Lord God of Israel as King Cyrus the king of Persia has commanded
Cyrus the king of Persia has commanded
Cyrus the king of Persia has commanded us then the people of the land tried to
us then the people of the land tried to
us then the people of the land tried to discourage the people of Judah they
discourage the people of Judah they
discourage the people of Judah they troubled them in building and hired
troubled them in building and hired
troubled them in building and hired counselors against them to frustrate
counselors against them to frustrate
counselors against them to frustrate their purpose all the days of Cyrus king
their purpose all the days of Cyrus king
their purpose all the days of Cyrus king of Persia even until the reign of Darius
of Persia even until the reign of Darius
of Persia even until the reign of Darius king of Persia in the reign of a has you
king of Persia in the reign of a has you
king of Persia in the reign of a has you eros in the beginning of his reign they
eros in the beginning of his reign they
eros in the beginning of his reign they wrote an accusation against the
wrote an accusation against the
wrote an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem in
inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem in
inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem in the days of artaxerxes also fish lamb
the days of artaxerxes also fish lamb
the days of artaxerxes also fish lamb Mithra death table and the rest of their
Mithra death table and the rest of their
Mithra death table and the rest of their companions road to artaxerxes king of
companions road to artaxerxes king of
companions road to artaxerxes king of persia and the letter was written in
persia and the letter was written in
persia and the letter was written in aramaic script and translated into the
aramaic script and translated into the
aramaic script and translated into the Aramaic language Rehan the commander and
Aramaic language Rehan the commander and
Aramaic language Rehan the commander and shimshi the scribe wrote a letter
shimshi the scribe wrote a letter
shimshi the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem King Artaxerxes in
against Jerusalem King Artaxerxes in
against Jerusalem King Artaxerxes in this fashion from William the commander
this fashion from William the commander
this fashion from William the commander symchay the scribe and the rest of their
symchay the scribe and the rest of their
symchay the scribe and the rest of their companions representatives of the dye
companions representatives of the dye
companions representatives of the dye knights the afar skypes
knights the afar skypes
knights the afar skypes the tar polites the people of Persia and
the tar polites the people of Persia and
the tar polites the people of Persia and Iraq and Babylon and Shushan the dije
Iraq and Babylon and Shushan the dije
Iraq and Babylon and Shushan the dije veidt's the Elamites and the rest of the
veidt's the Elamites and the rest of the
veidt's the Elamites and the rest of the nations whom the great and noble a
nations whom the great and noble a
nations whom the great and noble a sniper took captive and settled in the
sniper took captive and settled in the
sniper took captive and settled in the cities of Samaria and the remainder
cities of Samaria and the remainder
cities of Samaria and the remainder beyond the river
beyond the river
beyond the river and so forth - King Artaxerxes from your
and so forth - King Artaxerxes from your
and so forth - King Artaxerxes from your servants the men of the region beyond
servants the men of the region beyond
servants the men of the region beyond the river and so forth let it be known
the river and so forth let it be known
the river and so forth let it be known to the king that the Jews who came up
to the king that the Jews who came up
to the king that the Jews who came up from you have come to us at Jerusalem
from you have come to us at Jerusalem
from you have come to us at Jerusalem and are building the rebellious and evil
and are building the rebellious and evil
and are building the rebellious and evil City and are finishing its walls and
City and are finishing its walls and
City and are finishing its walls and repairing the foundations let it now be
repairing the foundations let it now be
repairing the foundations let it now be known to the king that if this city is
known to the king that if this city is
known to the king that if this city is built and the walls completed they will
built and the walls completed they will
built and the walls completed they will not pay tax tribute or custom and the
not pay tax tribute or custom and the
not pay tax tribute or custom and the Kings Treasury will be diminished now
Kings Treasury will be diminished now
Kings Treasury will be diminished now because we receive support from the
because we receive support from the
because we receive support from the palace it was not proper for us to see
palace it was not proper for us to see
palace it was not proper for us to see the Kings dishonour therefore we have
the Kings dishonour therefore we have
the Kings dishonour therefore we have sent and informed the king that search
sent and informed the king that search
sent and informed the king that search may be made in the book of the records
may be made in the book of the records
may be made in the book of the records of your father's and you will find in
of your father's and you will find in
of your father's and you will find in the book of the records and know that
the book of the records and know that
the book of the records and know that this city is a rebellious City harmful
this city is a rebellious City harmful
this city is a rebellious City harmful to Kings and provinces and that they
to Kings and provinces and that they
to Kings and provinces and that they have incited sedition within the city in
have incited sedition within the city in
have incited sedition within the city in former times for which cause the city
former times for which cause the city
former times for which cause the city was destroyed we informed the king that
was destroyed we informed the king that
was destroyed we informed the king that if this city is rebuilt and its walls
if this city is rebuilt and its walls
if this city is rebuilt and its walls are completed the result will be that
are completed the result will be that
are completed the result will be that you will have no dominion beyond the
you will have no dominion beyond the
you will have no dominion beyond the river the king sent an answer to Reem
river the king sent an answer to Reem
river the king sent an answer to Reem the commander to shim Shai the scribe to
the commander to shim Shai the scribe to
the commander to shim Shai the scribe to the rest of their companions who dwell
the rest of their companions who dwell
the rest of their companions who dwell in Samaria and to the remainder beyond
in Samaria and to the remainder beyond
in Samaria and to the remainder beyond the river peace and so forth the letter
the river peace and so forth the letter
the river peace and so forth the letter of which you sent to us has been clearly
of which you sent to us has been clearly
of which you sent to us has been clearly read before me and I gave the command
read before me and I gave the command
read before me and I gave the command and a search has been made and it was
and a search has been made and it was
and a search has been made and it was found that this city in former times has
found that this city in former times has
found that this city in former times has revolted against Kings and rebellion and
revolted against Kings and rebellion and
revolted against Kings and rebellion and sedition have been fostered in it there
sedition have been fostered in it there
sedition have been fostered in it there have also been mighty kings over
have also been mighty kings over
have also been mighty kings over Jerusalem who have ruled over all the
Jerusalem who have ruled over all the
Jerusalem who have ruled over all the region beyond the river a tax tribute
region beyond the river a tax tribute
region beyond the river a tax tribute and custom were paid to them now give
and custom were paid to them now give
and custom were paid to them now give the command to make these men cease that
the command to make these men cease that
the command to make these men cease that the city may not be built until the
the city may not be built until the
the city may not be built until the command is given by me take heed now
command is given by me take heed now
command is given by me take heed now that you
that you
that you not fail to do this why should damage
not fail to do this why should damage
not fail to do this why should damage increase to the hurt of the Kings now
increase to the hurt of the Kings now
increase to the hurt of the Kings now when the copy of King Artaxerxes letter
when the copy of King Artaxerxes letter
when the copy of King Artaxerxes letter was read before Rehim shim shy the
was read before Rehim shim shy the
was read before Rehim shim shy the scribe and their companions they went up
scribe and their companions they went up
scribe and their companions they went up in haste to Jerusalem against the Jews
in haste to Jerusalem against the Jews
in haste to Jerusalem against the Jews and by force of arms made them cease
and by force of arms made them cease
and by force of arms made them cease thus the work of the house of God which
thus the work of the house of God which
thus the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem ceased and it was
is at Jerusalem ceased and it was
is at Jerusalem ceased and it was discontinued until the second year of
discontinued until the second year of
discontinued until the second year of the reign of Dirac's king of Persia
the reign of Dirac's king of Persia
the reign of Dirac's king of Persia [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]